DOCUMENTS REQUIRED DURING VERIFICATION  
1.Print out of Application Form and Application Fee Receipt 
2.Pass Certificate and Marksheet of Class 10 
3.Marksheet of Class 12 / Intermediate or equivalent 
4.Marksheets of Graduation for graduates 
OR 
Marksheets upto pre-final year for applicants graduating in 2024. They must also bring a 
certificate in original from the Principal of Institute stating that: 
a. By………….2024, he/she will have appeared for examination in all subjects 
required for obtaining his/her Bachelor’s degree. 
b. He/ She has obtained 50% (45% for SC/ST) marks or equivalent, based on latest 
available grades / marks. 
c. Undertaking (available at Admission Office) 
5.College Leave Certificate (CLC) 
6.Migration Certificate 
7.Applicants with qualifications acquired through correspondence or distance- 
learning programs must carry proof of pass certificate, marksheets of qualifying 
examination and approval of DEC (Distance Education Council). 
 
8. Printout of Score Card and Admit Card of CAT / XAT / CMAT/MAT If any other 
9. Caste certificate (if applicable), in proper format, signed by appropriate authority of 
rank not less than SDO. 
10. Special category certificate (if applicable), in proper format, from appropriate authority. 
11. One recent passport size photograph, identical to uploaded in the Application Form. 
12. Admission Payment Receipt (generated through ERP system of the Institute). 

Note: 
a) Applicants will be required to produce the College Leaving Certificate, Migration 
Certificate, Caste certificate and CAT/XAT/CMAT/MAT Score card (if applicable) in 
original. Documents / certificates may be withdrawn immediately after verification 
and by submitting “Undertaking Form” available in the Admission Office of the 
campus. 
b) For fee refund rule, please refer Institute website. 

Cancellation of Admission Offer:
The admission of a candidate will be automatically cancelled :
If any information provided in the application form is found incorrect or missing.
Those who fail to submit the final degree / qualifying examination in time as stipulated or fail to secure minimum eligible marks in the degree / qualifying examination.

Follow this link to know the Procedure for submission of Anti-ragging Affidavit: https://www.bitmesra.ac.in/Show_Brochure_Details?brid=45&nid=50#sec_612

All selected students will be required to undergo medical examination by a Medical Officer of the Institute and their admission is subject to being found medically fit for the Program. Therefore, candidates, for their own satisfaction, are advised to get themselves examined by a registered medical practitioner.