DOCUMENTS REQUIRED:
Please furnish the following documents/certificates in original as well as one set of photocopies of the same during verification of documents at a later stage/admission.

1. Admit Card of JEE (Main) 2024
2. Score Card of JEE (Main) 2024
3. Pass Certificate of Class 10
3. Mark Sheet of Class 10
4. Mark Sheet of Class 12 / equivalent examination
5. Pass Certificate of Class 12 / equivalent examination
6. School Leaving Certificate
7. Migration Certificate
8. BC(NCL) Certificate issued by a competent authority and countersigned by an officer not below the rank of S.D.O. of the respective State and should be issued on or after 1st April 2024. Certificate issued by an officer less than the rank of SDO will not be accepted and their application will liable to be rejected.

Further the candidates will be required to upload the following documents while applying for the program:
a. Class 10 marksheet
b. Class 12 marksheet
c. Score Card of JEE (Main) 2024
d. BC(NCL) certificate [issued by a competent authority and countersigned by an officer not below the rank of S.D.O. of the State of Jharkhand and should be issued on or after 1st April 2024 for applicants of Mesra and Deoghar Campus.
e. BC(NCL) certificate [issued by a competent authority and countersigned by an officer not below the rank of S.D.O. of the State of Bihar and should be issued on or after 1st April 2024 for applicants of Patna Campus.

It is mandatory for every student and his/her parents to submit an anti-ragging affidavit at the time of admission. These are UGC’s regulations.
Follow this link to know the Procedure for submission of Anti-ragging Affidavit: https://www.bitmesra.ac.in/Show_Brochure_Details?brid=45&nid=50#sec_612

All selected students will be required to undergo medical examination by a Medical Officer of the Institute and their admission is subject to being found medically fit for the Program. Therefore, candidates, for their own satisfaction, are advised to get themselves examined by a registered medical practitioner.