ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA:
1. Date of Birth as recorded in the Secondary Education Board (Class X, High School) certificate only will be taken as authentic.
2. The candidates must have passed their qualifying examination (10+2/ Class XII / equivalent examination) with minimum 60% marks from State of Jharkhand and should be BC-I(NCL)/ BC-II(NCL) category of Jharkhand State only for BIT Main Campus Mesra and BIT Deoghar Campus.
3. The candidates must have passed their qualifying examination (10+2/ Class XII / equivalent examination) with minimum 60% marks from State of Bihar and should be BC-I(NCL)/ BC-II(NCL) category of Bihar State only for BIT Patna Campus.
4. Subject combinations required in the qualifying examination for admission to B.Tech., B.Arch. and Integrated M.Sc. Programs shall be as under:

Required Criteria based on Class 12th / Equivalent Qualifying Examination:

for B.Tech. & Integrated M.Sc.:
Physics
Mathematics
Any one of Chemistry, Biology, Biotechnology, Technical Vocation subject.
A Language
Any subject other than the above four

for B.Arch.:
Physics
Mathematics
Chemistry
Other two subjects with valid NATA Score

5. The candidates must have appeared in JEE – Main 2024 and having valid CRL in JEE –Main 2024.
Notes:
a) EBC/OBC(NCL) certificate should be issued on or after 1st April 2024 by a competent authority and countersigned by an officer not below the rank of S.D.O. of the respective State [Certificate issued by an officer less than the rank of SDO will not be accepted and their application will liable to be rejected].
b) In case any Board awards grades instead of marks, the calculation of equivalent percentage of marks would be as based on the procedure prescribed by the Board or in case, the Board does not prescribe any procedure, it will be GPA x 10.
c) Candidate must have adequate proficiency in written & spoken English to cope with the program as all instruction and examinations will be in English only.
d) At any level of the studies [Class X or Class XII], a candidate / applicant must have passed all the required subjects at that level from the same Board.