Sarala Birla Public School, a co-educational (10+2) English medium school at Mahilong on Ranchi-Purulia Highway was set up by Bharat Arogya & Gyan Mandir under the aegis of the B. K. Birla Group. The group has successful track record of running some of the finest educational institutions across the country and is committed to quality education. The school is affiliated to C.B.S.E Delhi and imparts world class education with modern facilities.

The school offers a pragmatic and qualitative all round education to its students. It has been designed to have spacious and airy classrooms supported by computer aided learning facilities in the classrooms, well-equipped laboratories for Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Mathematics, and Computer Science, well-stocked libraries, audio-visual room(s).
The school aims to provide a number of facilities for outdoor sports and indoor games with Yoga and Martial Arts being an integral part of school’s physical education training. Students are encouraged to take part in Art & Culture, Music, Dance, Drama and Community Service.

SCHOOL VISION
Explore, Engage, Empower

MISSION STATEMENT
Our mission is to prepare an enthusiastic, creative community of learners and foster traditional values, culture and spirituality among them. We recognize the importance of communication in English and are structuring our teaching learning designs to gradually improve the linguistic skills and conversational abilities of the students.
OBJECTIVES
To create an environment conducive to the integrated development of mind and body, heart and soul.
To foster the traditional Indian ideals and values while inculcating a global outlook.
To provide conceptual mastery of the curriculum, imbibing creativity, imagination and analytical thinking process.
To inculcate social and community awareness so that the students grow up to be compassionate, responsible and patriotic citizens.
To encourage students to acquire self-knowledge and venture on the path of self-realization.